this is a test date master helped me set
up and we're going to be testing if
forest cover helps against missiles and
if so by how much so I have two units of
elite panel story they're going to be
using flaming shot both of them they're
going to be firing out the hetero guards
in the forest and firing out the hetero
guards in the in the open so let's just
see how much damage is to volley does so
the first volley here takes down three
heads array of guards let's see how much
this volley takes down this volley
doesn't take down any header records now
let's see what happens in the open here
so first volley in the open takes down
seven has a rare guard so seven in one
volley zero and three let's see what
happens with the other elite upon a
story okay so they had some missiles
left for that volley so okay eight taken
down by the first volley three here and
let's see how many kills these guys gets
I'll just put it back on normal speed
because this guy's fire really slowly
okay so second volley and now we have 25
kills on these elite bonus story while
over here it looks like we're going to
get 7 second volley underway 27 yeah so
the kills are increasing rapidly over
here not quite as quickly over here and
if we fast forward we should be able to
see a significant difference now also
keep in mind some people say that
burning down the forest is going to kill
the unit inside the forest I have seen
no evidence of it I've tested it 12
times a hunt unfortunately it doesn't
seem to work so they had two rare guards
standing in the open or getting
absolutely destroyed let's see how many
kills the bowler story have let's just
let them finish off the volley so 95 on
91 over here we have 27 and 42 well now
we're getting close to 40 so it seems
like these guys started firing first so
it seems like the protection in the
forest is significant and also the front
of the the friendly fire dome to this
unit behind here is also significant and
you can see that crossbows cause damage
to units that stand far outside of their
range this is their maximum range but
they're actually able to damage troops
that are standing this for behind my
general even though he is just at the
edge of the range it's actually taking a
significant amount of casualties but the
test result is fairly conclusive I'd say
putting your troops in a forest is
definitely going to help you to protect
them better than having them in the open
strength the motor